all right we start baby let's get this
networking going
oh
what is your Perfection oh
let's go all right world record Pace
here why is this a five minute time no
get out of here come on timer ah
hours oh it's hours okay we're good
we're good
all right five hours world record pace
let's carry some boats and logs three
two one let's go all right let's change
this Washington DC
beautiful
we're gonna have this lovely uh
no remote option all right let's make
sure we have these things North America
remote is on great uh skills we are
looking here do we do we we did label it
to JavaScript node node.js so we are
limiting our total pool uh we do have
our keywords that are excluding senior
and we do have company size on let's get
rid of that company size I don't like
that all right North America
back end front end full stack Washington
DC skills are on uh we could take skills
off if we wanted to we're running out of
results but I like the results let's go
for it
all right we're gonna get past the
promoted back in JavaScript engineer
let's go
all right
five years experience get out of here uh
David cavello is the CTO let's see if we
can find them uh they do have their
GitHub open sometimes GitHub has the
email uh no email no link here what uh
what a bus for the start of the run here
books if you're filling out your angel
list make sure we can contact you
uh they do have a Twitter
might be small they following the
founder
six followers
I don't see the the CTO is not even on
here all right plus we're moving on
we gotta be quick today folks world
record pace
keywords are we're doing minus
we're excluding senior lead staff
principal manager director
you're throwing me off this world record
Pace here folks
all right
Josh Raymond is the uh employer of
record here they do have a LinkedIn
as always folks please don't make this
weird don't open Messages let's go
why are you including staff because
staff is like a super senior engineer
all right open messages
well April has impact on our lives
be around what the heck does this
company do let's take a look
quality engineering team help maintain
unified test automation structure
[Music]
is a remote
if there's anything else here
all right best places to work
all right let's see if there's anything
particular about this person going a
little slow here to hit this world
record pace
oh they lead technical recruiting
beautiful
all right so this is directly the
recruiter we don't have to have any
ifans or butts these kids got guts
because
um uh
there are the recruiter they want to
hear from us
uh how people find their dream job so
they can build the best life possible
boom uh help me build my dream job will
be my hook to this message they have
open messages and Stephanie is a
connection uh let's go easy dub I can
just ask Stephanie for the direct intro
to this person uh and if you all
connected with Stephanie after our
Monday sessions you already have in with
Josh so let's add this to the list we
can't delay any day let's go
all right connect is Josh Raymond uh and
their message is going to be
uh help me find my dream job
all right help people help me find my
dream job
beautiful that'll be our subject our
message would be hey Josh
[Music]
saw
that what was the name of the company
flow Q
we're gonna also
flow flow Quest flow Quest here all
right we saw that flow class
[Music]
was hiring on
Angel list and
and wanted to reach out
I love
how I love your what did they say their
mission on their LinkedIn what was it
your aha moment was helping people find
their dream jobs
[Music]
we always want to say Engineers though
we saw that flow class was hiring
Engineers on ageless and wanted to reach
out I love that your aha moment on
LinkedIn
wants to help folks find their dream
jobs
I would love to learn more about blow
quests
[Music]
hopefully
find my dream job too
if
let's go with a direct ass they're a
recruiter do you have
a few minutes next week to discuss
open roles
for a great weekend because this will
well it's only Tuesday have a great rest
of your week
we'll be able to copy this for future
ones have a great rest of your week
cheers
Leon Beautiful all right we might go
ahead we might go ahead and um
we might go ahead and and and massage
these in the end but uh for right now
this this seems like a good one for me
I'm probably not gonna link their actual
profiles I'm just gonna say Josh
all right hey Josh saw that full custom
went to reach out I love that your album
on LinkedIn was to help folks find the
dream jobs a little more full-class hope
for my dream job too do you have any
females next we discuss open rules okay
so we cheers boom job two let's go
we're gonna just clear out each one we
don't need to get bogged down it'll slow
us down in the long run all right let's
go back to angelist here next
uh we also didn't sort by oh we did sort
by last active all right great we're
doing last active
all right full stack engineer
uh we're getting we're getting a lot of
the remote ones that's okay though
um we're just gonna add the job onto the
list
this is actually going to get my way
here we got to move this we're going for
world record pace
uh and this was flowcast
cool all right let's see what we can
find about these folks
Sunny maze the head of recruiting come
on give me a good link
all right LinkedIn
open Messages let's go two for two
permanent companies that are thriving
today specialties
boom all right
head of recruiting travel Bank
they have anything that looks good here
they follow
Fubu
schools anything
code path groups
companies all right nothing too wild
here nothing too personal that I can
click on no uh Twitter was there Twitter
on their ageless profile
Bank no all right we're gonna just go
ahead and copy this message that we're
gonna send to Josh
speed up the process a little bit here
remember world record Pace this is
Sunny May
all right hey sunny
saw that
oh we gotta we gotta do something we
gotta remember to copy these names we're
losing some time here travel Bank
ciao was there anything we can hook on
to
UC berkless
uh let's see
nothing really there's nothing there
though we saw it in LinkedIn there's
nothing there
maybe 15 years Talent
you might just keep this there might not
be a good way in with this one
um
[Music]
Maybe
what would you pitch on Shark Tank
that's what we're gonna go that'll be
our message
hey Sonny I saw that traveling was
hiring into his angels and reach out
I love that you follow
Damon John
foreign
out
John on LinkedIn
I'm mildly
obsessed with
Shark Tank
I would love to learn more
oh Bank beautiful all right hey Sunny
children's one to reach out another John
LinkedIn on Miley cess with Shark Tank
I would love to learn more about
traveling hopefully
learn more about Open roles
uh open rolls if you have a few minutes
next week to discuss
next week for me to learn more
just name a day slash
time and
we'll use the the move mountains line
control F mountains let's go
boom
adding it see these first ones we go a
little slower but then we start to have
this like pool of work that we can build
off of every day and time and I'll move
miles to make it work have a great week
seriously on Boom all right we're done
Sunny May we're moving on
uh Leon the the messages are not that
easy to read you should be using the
link use the direct link
use the direct link
Slow Me Down Slow Me Down all right
number three
I need to be a little bit smaller so I
can I can focus there we go boom
there we go
make it bigger no you're getting timed
out you're slowing me down
this world record pace
I'm messing with my record
all right let's take a look at this
timer
where we at all right we're going good
all right we can keep up this pace
all right number three let's go back to
the job listings clear out see you Sunny
it was great to meet you boom number
three affid
blockchain developer I'm gonna skip it
for now full stack engineer next gen
Tango analytics remember we gotta
remember Tango analytics if we wind up
finding a job Sarah Joyner
Sarah joining no links no link Sarah
Joiner anybody else listed on the
employers here
no all right we're not putting any more
work into this we're just gonna keep
going we got 600 plus
uh companies we can be looking at uh if
the if it's not easy to find the the
stuff we're moving on all right they got
their GitHub linked do they have the
email
no email in the GitHub look at that
oh she Esh look at that that's sexy all
right
sorry Zach no contact information
means I'm not applying I'm moving on
uh we we we're going for world record
Pace I can't be wasting time like this
I will give the CEO a shot
CEO
oh this looks promising
come on CEO
messages are open let's go
all right so this is for Astra
what does Astra do
uh processes payments the speed of the
internet
uh so they're probably competitor to
stripe or something
yep
watch them use electric or something all
right so it looks like oh 14 million
raised one to ten people means they are
higher in folks they are hiring and
they're giving out fat Equity too all
right we're definitely playing Astra
going on the list
Christian this is all for you
uh so this was for The Connect was uh
Gill ecos
beautiful their messages were open and
um aside from Jayhawk basketball
love finance and deep learning
uh
we could go the Jayhawk thing that's so
on the nose I'm gonna go with something
that probably gets Gill up in the
morning
uh I hate stripe
uh I don't think I actually hate stripe
at this moment
so I'll say hey girl
well
hey is a strong word
but I would definitely
been
definitely struggled I can't say a hitch
trap I love stripe I can't go with that
I love stripe I can't even I can't even
fake it even for a speed run
it's hired oh straight there we go
counter stripe there you go
deeply believe
that
payments
space
needs more competition
I saw
that you were
hiring on Angelus I always got to say
hiring engineers
on Angelus
and I wanted to reach out
[Music]
I'm gonna yank this
boom
more about Astra
cool all right
or straight there you go I deeply
believe that the payment space needs
more competition I saw your high
Engineers on ageless one to reach out or
let's learn more about Astra and
hopefully a little more about Open roles
if you have a humanist next week to
learn more
next week the chat we're gonna take the
chat
for a quick chat
um now let's make it work
cheers
Leon
what if I had a number in my name
all right I feel comfortable with that
we're moving on Speed Run babe we can't
overthink it we just gotta keep going
all right
let's clear out Gill here
next job actually he's pretty dope
though
I definitely would this sounds cool I
like that
a full stack engineer back engineer why
is it still all saying La it is
Washington DC I guess LA's just a home
base for a lot of these companies that
are remote hiring
all right uh Forge provides payment
infrastructure for government social
programs hell yeah
uh full stack engineer
there's someone listed Mindy come on
Mindy give me something LinkedIn open
Messages baby come on let's go
oh
contact info nothing
all right no time
[Music]
no time
hunger swipe get the restaurants faster
I'll take that
uh restaurant software developer
back end front end
uh they don't think it actually matters
oh that one was for New York the other
one was remote okay remote boom
any links Manny come on Manny
come on let's go Manny
founder all right so they're the founder
of hunger swipe
um
I'm gonna say what they've raised
if their emails on the website will take
it otherwise we're moving on
actually too much time we're moving on
come on
bottle up hey nightlife [__] app
let's go
no JS intern Washington DC on the list
Keenan come on Keenan
oh
LinkedIn
no open messages but we do have the
Twitter come on open open DMS Keenan
you're you're a founder and CEO gotta
keep these DMS open no all right
they like their Facebook I'm not
clicking on Facebook
uh
this is a good fit Christian is in
Washington DC we have to go the extra
mile here uh hopefully we can find out
um something about bottle up
uh they have their website here so let's
do bottle up app don't take me to the
App Store
oh they're super early that's why
they're super super early uh do we get
anything on Hunter
most common pattern oh there's Keenan's
email right there all right sweet
copy Keenan's email we'll just use that
live
uh so this is for bottle
up app
uh the connect is Keenan
Keenan's the plug all right Keenan
we've got the email
um uh message
actually I'm going to leave those off
here message for Keenan
founder
look at the LinkedIn real quick if there
anything we can latch on to here
fence nice clothes lounges festivals
uh what was that My Chemical Romance
Festival that got canceled
chat help me out here Speed Run is this
cheating actually don't help me I might
be cheating
when we were younger while we were young
We Were Young Festival
we could use that
I can't use it it would be cheating I
can't do it cat stop you're influencing
me this is the world record
I don't want any I don't want any
tarnish on my reputation
so we're going to use a different angle
well they're having trouble with Angelus
though
they have anything on there
sweet swag
all right
copy I gotta get better at the copy and
paste than
all right here we go
you're falling behind shhh
all right solid bottle up apples hiring
engineers and ageless wanted to reach
out
foreign
a play a play here right can I get a
reservation uh for two next week
uh
I want to reach out
possible
grab
five minutes of your time next week
to
learn more about Open roles
super
interested in the
event space
time
and I'll move my mouse make it work I'm
just gonna grab this whole point right
here copy eat
boom
all right Doom jaw welcome all right hey
can I still bottle of Apple signs and
angels went to reach out would it be
possible correctly trying to learn more
about Open rules
to bring in the event space name a
daytime moving I was like boom let's go
all right fifth job fifth job
gotta keep this going
um dress life
so we saw this before so we're gonna
skip it I want to be uh tarnishing
reputation here
all right Med Crypt looks good mid size
did ya
LinkedIn come on open messages
other contact info Twitter
open DMs
and open DMs
they're the CEO though uh since they're
the COO uh we can probably get to them
via email do you have anything on here
we can use as an n
cyber security Awareness Month
CEO
[Music]
have anybody else any other employees
you all team members come on if there's
a recruiter on here we'll go for it if
not we're gonna move on
Talent acquisition boom all right this
person has a photo so more likely
no link though
no link
uh
uh might be too big for a seal I'm
moving on
did I just delete my
starting point there we go
uh folks you can come back to these
roles though like these roles are like
if you want to put a little bit more
work and you could probably
make it work but we don't got time
[Music]
all right
Kanda
ABS no links though
all right let's keep pushing
all right
Hopper
Road D1 and pen
oh open messages all right
so this is Hopper Hill gas
it looked like an internship but with
like not great pay but who cares uh
get offers right
all right this was for
see I'm slacking
Avenue
rowing scene
was
the best part
of
The Social Network
all of you ever saw the social network
and that that music kit with the rowing
scene uh that was fire
we're gonna grab this uh
boom boom
change this to Hopper
all right our customers super interested
what was their space again
yeah what do they do
event space all right but we don't have
to change [__] let's go
all right event space
all right boom next job
all right trunk
Dev X in a box
lead recruiter
LinkedIn
any agencies at this time 10 years are
experiencing full cycle Global
recruiting
Roblox blue OpenTable zanga Discord
[Music]
YouTube
wait until they see my boxes
[Laughter]
easy it's easy folks
easy dub
message
can I
show you
Pokemon collection
seriously
um
all right
hey Susie
we're gonna start with the template that
we've been using for the other ones
name of this company was trunk IO but
not the look I know I'm locked in folks
trunk IO
hmm
can I show can I show you
I show you my Pokemon collection
seriously hey Susie so Trump was hanging
translation just wanted to reach out we
got him three times who's doing more
about Open row super interested and what
do they do I guess I'm not locked in is
it
I would say Dev X space
cool space
maybe possible graph I'm gonna see your
time next week to learn about more open
roles
Furniture space Also
what
an amazing career
your
past
and current
roles read like a dream list of
companies for me
foreign
[Music]
we can't break until we hit 10. I ain't
breaking until I hit 10.
this is actually pretty dope I I don't
care if it's it's an internship so we'll
go with it it's typescript node Express
this is our stack hiring contact founder
Michael
no open Messages contact info LinkedIn
open messages
open Messages nice Twitter open messages
we got our way in folks
[Music]
osfd osfd
all right let's grab our template up
here
all right hey Michael
saw that
osfd was hiring engineers and Angels
would reach out
you're trying to learn more about Open
role super interesting DivX space let's
make it work an amazing career
um
all right this is super interested in
the
blockchain Dow space I guess we could
say blockchain though I don't really use
LinkedIn
um so I'm gonna close that tab just to
keep my efficiency up blockchain down uh
or platform Dallas space we'll just say
dial space
foreign
message we don't need an opener are we
going to send a straight message hey
Michael hi Anthony
Space boom all right we're moving on I
think this is uh
this was a weaker one but it's a Twitter
message the Twitter message is not
really at the overthink just go three
more and we take a break
a come on we got a connection
come on Danielle let's go all right open
messages on LinkedIn
no
you have a connection though
open DMS though let's go
wait are they still at this company
though
oh no they moved on stealth mode
oh maybe they're not in stealth mode
anymore
maybe this up
did Angelus just get them out of stuff
not very stealthy
uh okay I have twilio
yep sauce
I guess they just are no longer in
itself
because that's it
all right that threw me off more than it
should have all right
we're just gonna shoot a normal it's a
Twitter DM though so Twitter DMS we have
to overthink uh we can literally say
send the same message we just sent
the the Twitter DMS are just they just
convert way better you don't need to be
really special with them
and this was
Danielle yeah
cool
super interested in
this is like Dynamic pricing
um
um all right slowing down slow down
can't do this all right
super interested in
companies
that help
make more money
there's a book it's called powder keg
powder keg
jobs
I forget what the book was but the whole
point was that you want to be on a team
that's a powder keg that like
that
um
that makes money not loses money
uh it's too distracting you can't do
that companies
especially companies to help
other companies make more money uh I
also want to grab the Susie line here
I think it's applicable
um
love it
we're gonna remove the for me though
dream list of companies yeah
because you want to make it sound like
that mock is not on that dream list two
more two more and we get a break oh we
haven't even hit an hour yet folks we
haven't even hit an hour we might hit
because we did have a little time uh in
the beginning so we're gonna hit 10 in
the hour so we're on a world record Pace
here folks 10 an hour blazingly fast
indeed
come on
bring the human layer into remote work
I'm hip come on Joshua green what do you
got for me open messages on LinkedIn
come on give it to me yes let's go
you're just about to get loud for a
second
Timmy welcome back
all right Joshua green
open Messages what do we got for me
crafting your groovy lives just
supporting each other
we're gonna find support and human
connection
studying meditation
while freelancing as a strategy
consultant
uh we're just gonna say best tips on how
to meditate
my opening message for this uh this
LinkedIn message would be
tips on
any meditation tips
uh we're gonna grab the same line here
it's gonna be a little different it is
LinkedIn so I want to put a little bit
more effort in here
if they go they open up a LinkedIn
message it's just a little bit more
behind it uh this job was Groove
together
cool
Groove
I'm super interested
um
I love your commitment
to
helping
books find support and human connection
s
[Music]
double find
or any connection
would love to learn
learn more and
I definitely
need
some love to
discuss talk more
to talk about
opportunities at groove or just
Talk Shop about
meditation baby let's go
cheers I love that we're getting a
response to that one next job
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
all right let's go one more one more we
take a break baby
Rush blockchain developer we did this
360 Tex next
I don't like their logo
oh pan search 2.0 skip the haystack find
the needle I like that was fire
all right James CTO
LinkedIn connection
cool
anything on here no open Messages is
there other contact info
they do have a personal website and a
GitHub sometimes people put their email
on GitHub no email on GitHub why is that
constantly striking out today
and their website's not up
time is money folks time is money I
ain't wasting no more time let's get
this money though
next
premium web 3 on-ramp and gateway to the
metaverse
open DMS let's go
I'm gonna grab this link here
it doesn't matter people put silly stuff
on Angel list
all right
um
this was I'm getting too into the music
I don't even know how to pronounce that
thank you
I was gonna say web 3 space
[Music]
let's say about the future
metaverse boom
let's go all right timer where are we at
where are we at where are we at [__]
where's my timer
boom let's go under an hour folks under
an hour 45 minutes 45 minutes 10 jobs on
The Hit List we can take a break and
still and still hit our 10 an hour goal
here let's go five minutes on the clock
folks
can't stop won't stop Rockefeller
records we came to get down if you're
new around these parts every top of the
hour we like to take a break be healthy
hydrate get around move around if you
need to
all right gotta be locked in before the
timer ends
we got this
speed run
world record pace no delay getting a job
today let's go three two one out of here
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go alrighty
next on the list
boost Commerce
all right
technical support that's fine oh no they
I got got they didn't listen actual
person
you meet people
no people
next
the power powering the meaning and money
all right just luminary one week ago
remote
head of engineering
no links
anybody else
CEO let's look at all the team members
here maybe they have a recruiter
chief of staff
was that Peloton that's dope
uh I'm not sure if you're a woman or not
but that could be here in here
Bad Company messages are open though
we're going for it
uh
do you have any activity
any posts from themselves
uh
cool we can talk about the meeting for
the first time
no we're just gonna go easy easy easy
easy easy quick quick quick response
here
um it's a luminary it's an open LinkedIn
message we're not going to overthink
this one
Mary
thing
and it's luminary
let's go simple with this one
foreign
copy up here
could say teaching the meaning of money
oh that was a good one I can't I can't
use I can't use it from chat though I'll
go for world record here I don't want
any I don't want any uh Hans Magnus
situations happening right now if you
know what I mean
all right
this is luminary
okay
Mary
uh who's I don't even know what they do
honestly
oh
uh it's actually pretty neat like estate
planning is pretty dope but we're spend
too much time on this I don't ever think
AMR uh
[Music]
okay shoot boom we're just gonna move on
with that uh might not be our most
converting message but
uh full stack intern that's okay
image based copywriting platform that is
dope
come on give me open Messages open
messages
no
this would have been an easy win because
you could have just done our machine
learning class and and gotten the
response in
too bad
founding back end engineer
Antonio
open messages no I do have a couple
connections though but unfortunately
Christian
it might not help you
oh that's pretty cool
uh LinkedIn
open messages come on open messages
no open Messages other contact no
Twitter No anything
it's been there for two years though
uh we might this might be I like that
they've been there for that time let's
see if we can get a um
a hunter hit here
they don't even have the oh there we go
one result
BG
at veneer Labs that wasn't our person
though our person's Harrison
I might take my shot with just Harrison
at that then
this might not be the the
correct but I think it's worth a shot
flash.com uh message
hot dog
not hot dog
a Harrison
boom
copy this
only retirees angels went to reach out
because
I have
a bunch of fun
machine
learning projects
in my
Ops
port
uh what do they do exactly again
uh National Security
uh but he seems fun though
but it's such a serious thing ah it
doesn't matter we're going for it
I have a bunch of fun machine learning
apps on my portfolio
but would love to apply my skills
to something
more serious
like National Security
oh
oh Harrison be fun be fun
uh we're gonna do the have a great rest
of the week cheers leod
bro not even Leon believes and stuff I
don't know it's a gamble he's like he's
smiling he seems happy like he's
probably getting all these stuffy like
responses like this could be fun for
them
all right next
life is promoting oh heavy
so we went down the closet right before
and it didn't work out
um oh no there might be a slightly
different company
you're currently hiring but how do I
how do I reach you my friend
I can't reach you
everybody else in the team nope
probably just their name at the closet
AI
ah they did go out their way to say that
they're hiring we're gonna take our shot
with the closet AI on Hunter
uh we're gonna try it it might not work
we're just gonna use their email uh
we're gonna try their first name and
this company was the closet Ai and this
was Akram
um
AI just redid my living room
closet next
I was gonna say let's read in my living
room
hey Akram
we're gonna use the normal
template here
we're gonna add some spice to it
I saw that closet AI
was hiring interesting I just want to
reach out next week to learn more about
Open roles
I recently remodeled
my living room
based on
levels IO
here we go
interior AI
call
would be amazing
to
do it
revamp my
wardrobe
two
all right
[Music]
boom all right that's good enough shows
that I know about the space a little bit
clean up a little bit here
you feel it folks I feel it
let's go
requirements are for nerds exactly
if you're looking at the requirement
you're doing it wrong
I don't like your logo next oh full
stack
Trevor give me something nothing
Trevor didn't give me a damn thing any
other people nope
I just like the name f yo
I would love to work at this company
Brian Gail come on give me something
Brian
LinkedIn open message
oh
and they got the hiring you can do this
that's fire
[Music]
I want to know more about you though
Brian tell me a bit about yourself
I feel like we're making good time so I
can maybe spend the extra second
people's websites are just not open I
mean up
um maybe the Twitter or give me
something fun
blockchain security company
[Music]
uh super professional that's cool though
I respect that
this this LinkedIn looks dope though I
like this like the hiring and the hiring
all right
I'm gonna go with the your journey route
because they've done some like a lot of
work in this space
um
now we're gonna they they're they're
keeping it corporate let's keep it
corporate
let's do the the Michael copy here and
move on
it's gonna get an easy win on the board
I just gotta read the read the post you
know I just gotta read the posts
hey yo
hey
yo
hey yo
[Music]
super interested in the
cybers oh
[Music]
super interested in web3
cyber
security
boom
hey
sportsbot
watch any game in one click
interesting interesting
does it work
okay
I kind of use Reddit for this but
so this is the 100 thieves
stream beats playlist
fire right
no open messages
a lot of you pen founders
[Music]
all right no open Messages nothing I can
get to next has been no
oh parking
my dream since I was like five
was to own a bunch of parking lots so
this would be right up my alley
I once left a Tech conference because
the conference next door was like the
International parking conference and I
had the best time it was one of the best
conferences I've ever been to
[Music]
sales optimization for the alcohol
industry
I don't know about that but Richmond
that'll be up to you to decide
no open messages
I'm hella connected to this person
though
I'm hella connected look at these
connections
[Music]
that's my boss
that's the person I went through Tech
Stars with
[Music]
um did their Twitter look anywhere
uh my mouth is going a little screwy
here
oh there are Texas printer too
um open DMS great
open DMs
[Music]
this will be Dan
we'll do the normal Michael message
um it's a Twitter DM so we can just be
straight to the point
maybe this company was
ground signal
I've only heard of them before
the dialing ringtone to the beat drop
what
you're not allowed to do that
did y'all hear that
I really did that y'all
all right
hey thanks Reach Out
girls uh what do they do
um super interested in Big Data
yeah okay I'm super interested in
how
big data and machine learning can
optimize
establish Industries I want to say old
school Industries
we'll say that established Industries
so
hey hey hey hey
does this work
next
thank you
cool AJ with the raid let's go three
people to the party
hope we had a good stream
uh work arise platform to run your
entire business back in developer let's
go
remote only I like that all right open
LinkedIn
doesn't exist
see that's how you do stealth mode all
these people say they're in stealth mode
I clicked on this guys LinkedIn didn't
exist that's how you do stealth mode
buildings swell
bash track your career by joining
Adventure back team
Jason you're singing my language here no
can
why are you doing this to me Jason why
are you doing this to me
no way this is accessible
okay
uh I actually like this one
even though they don't list it we're
just gonna look for them on LinkedIn
totally didn't see that in chat
um this is not gonna affect my world
record pace
I love it
no connections uh we're just gonna go
with Jason that building swell I'd be
really surprised if that wasn't their
email
um
and they went out of their way to say
like they want to help people build
their careers so I'm gonna go with that
I think that's um
I'm gonna say I want to leave an impact
I'm going to show you ready
change it's gonna be right on the nose
with it hey Jason
fast track my career
[Music]
at fast track your career Jason by
hiring me
oh
[Music]
I'm gonna describe this
they know what it is
uh what did they do one more second
[Music]
smarter buildings
I'm super interested in smart
construction Tech
[Music]
well all right oh was that the wrong
spot I'm slipping
poof this is what happens folks
actually I'm not gonna say that super
interested
um because I already did the the cheesy
opener no need to double stack the
cheese you know what I'm saying animal
style
Modis create
architect not our speed no logo future
fringes
specular design and foresight Explorer I
nah
sure what you have bar what you need
saving what you crave okay
[Music]
no
I'm meta Commerce okay
[Music]
Ryan come on Ryan give me an open
LinkedIn here no LinkedIn Ryan come on
meta Commerce
software is a service company
oh that's actually pretty dope idea
I actually like this idea so let's see
if we can find them
Twitter
they got too many followers so just
gonna go to LinkedIn and search for this
person
Ryan Watkins is a very generic name so
it's gonna be hard but we'll say meta
Commerce and maybe we'll get somewhere
boom all right they are a third
connection of mine
uh no open messages
Hunter I'm gonna go Hunter on this one I
I do like them so
oh boom there we go Ryan's email Ryan
metacommers app love it
we got their email
let's go ahead and grab the generic uh
Michael
copy
come on folks
it's How We Do
all right so General Michael copy was
just Orion and we gotta find our in
the Marketing sales stack
wallet management automation platform
which web 3 brand is your favorite
boom
so I'm meta Commerce
super interested in the web 3 space
especially
when
applied to
Brands and communities
all right folks we're we're definitely
on world record Pace here we're
definitely going to hit our next we're
definitely gonna hit these 10 uh in in
the next hour so we need three more to
stay on world world record Pace folks
come at me
let's go
turn product data into Revenue
we do want to speed up a little bit here
we have a good shot of setting the new
world record and um we're gonna go for
it
so I if they don't have linkedins okay
here we go can you open Messages can you
open message world record Pace here
all right they got their portfolio site
portfolios not live
they have other people here
oh they're a bigger company so that that
might be why they don't want to have it
open
or they're not everybody says fancy
title
GTO
maybe they have an open LinkedIn nothing
what a
oh
come on we can't have this this close to
our break Grisham might tank their Speed
Run for the second time
tokenize all the things baby let's go
open messages
so this was
velvet capital
um
look at the company again
we use a lot of big words
do you want to help people institution
create tokenized index funds
all right message
I tokenize
my mama if I could no uh
what what's a good one
they do like
they do index funds
so is it are there actual tokenized
index funds already
what is the best
uh tokenized
Index Fund
um
we'll use the same Michael reply
standard here
we're just trying to get them to open
that LinkedIn message
silly right silly
uh saw that velvet capital
velvet
capital
Engineers Reach Out
I'm going to apply to
traditional
they are really about like removing
centralized whatever
um we should add that that might get
them going
I gotta click on the actual roll to get
to that
let's throw that in there
um
probably when
it
when it
provides people
with financial Independence
free from we'll just say Central
centralization
thank you
you're at a complete
boom all right next
oh we're gonna hit this folks we're
gonna hit this early early
oh that's cool
[Music]
cryptocurrency Prime dealer what the
heck is that I don't know
[Music]
soft Drive is the future of the personal
computer sign me up
PC in the cloud I'm I love PCS in the
cloud
and what I love even more than PCS in
the cloud open link down
was their birthday recently though
I get their contact info somewhere else
there's something else linked here oh
they did have their GitHub maybe email
and GitHub no
no emailing your GitHub Alan come on
portfolio
glass going down soon
yeah tell me about it
soft Drive I really want to wish them a
bird happy birthday so I'm just gonna
see if soft
Drive is on here is it co
soft Drive Co okay so Hunter actually
pulled it up
Leonard
so I'm assuming Alan at softer a drive
would also be the same thing
[Music]
happy
belated birthday
[Music]
what their name is Alan right
I saw that
soft drives
those hiring Engineers on the angel list
and I forgot this I wanted to reach out
[Music]
all right
and letters and
want it to make your
birthday wishes come true
AKA
hiring me for your team
super interested
in the
PC in the cloud space
I worked remotely
for years and was
had my life
Changed by shadow
dot Tech
[Music]
which enabled me to have a gaming PC on
the go
uh well Christian I'm sorry you won't
actually know if if you worked really
late
I would say I'll just remove that and
say check
um
chain
[Music]
Ed my life and enabled me to have a
gaming PC anywhere
really
opened
my eyes to the space and the future
all right hey Ellen I saw software I was
hanging she was an angel just went to
your birthday which is coming true AKA
hiring me for your team I also got five
minutes of your time next week to learn
more about Open roles
in the PC in the cloud space how to
change my life I didn't have a game PC
anywhere it really opened my eyes to the
space and the future boom all right
you're gonna have to clean that up
Christian
all right last one before we take our
break ahead of time world record base
world record pace
[Music]
uh the only clinky validated vital
signal for mental health
that's dope
monitor anxiety and depression
no links
all right we gotta move on no links we
need one more so we're not going to
waste any time
autonomous robots for infrastructure
inspection
Monterey's Healthcare communication
let's do that
somebody's getting lit realizes that
we're on world record pace
LinkedIn open Messages for sure
no open messages I do have a mutual
connection though that is a good friend
I'm sure I could just get a connection
through that oh open DMS let's go
all right
open messages
we'll send them a tweet tweets are short
and sweet
tweets are short and sweet
we'll go with the the Michael copy we're
going to bring the Michael copy further
down
boom
We're not gonna play any games since
it's a Twitter message we're at our 20.
we just gotta go for it
uh it was canal
and the company was
spruced health
and what do they do
uh I really believe everyone should have
care
um
truly believe
access
not Affordable Health Care
and would be excited to work in
the space
boom all right here we go let's go let's
go we're at 20 world record Pace 10 more
to go
that we're beating the timer look at
this folks look at us go beating the
timer here world record Pace uh we're
gonna bring in the timer
we're gonna take our breaks even though
we're going for world record break world
record Pace we're healthy folks I'd like
to get up we like to move around hydrate
if we're able take care of ourselves
we're in this for a marathon we're on 20
of 180.
all right five minutes on the clock you
got this see y'all in five let's do this
we're locked in
no time to waste don't delay getting a
job today we're on that world a record
Pace an hour and 17 minutes to do it I
feel it
it's gonna happen folks
today you witnessed history
they said it couldn't be done
I showed them how to do it
DC progression first one of the new lot
going to the LinkedIn show me you got a
lot open Messages baby let's go
[Applause]
let's go
burn along thank you open messages
all right
[Music]
it video platform for Health and
Wellness
easy
this is for Mike we're grabbing this
message right here the Michael text now
the canal texts
pay
Mike
saw that burn along
was hiring Engineers on Angelus looking
for a problem solver a doer
let's actually say what they're working
on though
they just raised funding too so we know
they're hiring
[Music]
uh
yeah
all right so
can't hit the gym with friends
[Music]
okay
all right hey Mike
I only work out online
about open rolls I truly believe
in the power
of online workouts
to trans
form lives
boom what a dub on the first shot let's
go
play pause it build it interactive
videos could we go for the back to back
the two-time
we got the LinkedIn what are we feeling
what are we feeling
let's do a YOLO
oh you're out now you'll be too quick
maybe we'll do a YOLO in the future
y'all can type fast I forgot about that
oh
no open Messages other connections
Network folks Network
no open DMs
play pause it
nah
I thought we had the back to back the
two time
doesn't seem to be that way
unfortunately we're gonna move on
I ain't got no time to waste I got World
Records to break
learning Development Center
I don't like it
monitor stack for usage-based software
founding developer that's pretty cool
Matt Harris head of talent definitely
open LinkedIn
oh yeah you can tell
I knew you're gonna have open LinkedIn
messages I love it thank you
Talent leader
ping me if you're interested in learning
more
work on something new with an incredible
team at Turn Style
was that with the actual
um
okay
beautiful
we're just gonna hit them with the easy
message then
making our lives simple
you said to ping you
and this was Matt Mr Matt Harris
hey Matt
it's all that Turn Style
tiring Engineers on Angelus
found your LinkedIn
well saw your LinkedIn
and wanted to reach out
more about Open roles we don't have to
even front with this one what do they do
now we're not even overthink it they
told us to reach out I don't need to
make anything up
just name a date and time and I got you
fam all right boom next go
world records are being smashed tonight
folks smashed
the developing accessible ways for users
to interact with web 3 sign me up
oh yeah Redwood JS I love Redwood Js
one of our um
one of our 100 devs members from this
cohort see I'm getting comfortable I
know I'm gonna crush this world record I
got time to chat one of our folks from
100 devs their open source contribution
was Redwood
this would be an easy dub for them
oh nothing though you don't give me
anything
[Music]
equal time virtual meeting coaching in
real time that's dope
hell yeah
this is some beat saber type [__] right
here
Rachel come on Rachel
open LinkedIn
no open messages
seems like a bigger company though
11 months
do they have other folks on the team
uh uh let's see if anything comes up
with the email
I actually kind of like this because we
can reuse one of our messages
so it is worth the quick check
and Rachel's email quick dub
too easy indeed too easy
all right equal
time
what do they actually do
when they say coaches is it like life
coaches or like workout coaches
um
the power of
virtual meetings
to accelerate
I can only spell accelerate
with an X lr8
it should have been how our virtual
meetings to accelerate
growth
boom I like it
oh it is an email though so we need
something from Rachel
we might even hit them with the um
they have like a really cool background
I'm gonna hit them with the Susie line
I'm starting too much time on this but I
feel like this one could actually
convert so when I have a good twinkle in
my toe I feel like I could actually get
a response spend a little bit more time
too much
I might put in something about their
volunteering but
we can ask for like a meeting on their
platform
how can I optimize our virtual meeting
for next week
um
hey yo
I'm gonna clean up a little bit
people see these tabs and they click
away not understanding that they're
experiencing history the world record
pace
thank you
hey does this work
data driven HVAC that's actually pretty
sweet
how much energy is probably wasted on
HVAC systems I hate when people do this
thing they don't actually put the the
person you should talk oh
I take that back Shelby I take that back
I see you Shelby
all right easy message
foreign
easy
next
[Music]
hvac's like eating heating and cooling
for folks that don't know what that is
[Music]
all right job 25 one two three four five
six more six more with 45 minutes on the
clock
world record baby easy
a Bella
recruiting team you got an email for me
have we just been missing emails in the
in the in the Johns here
all right
oh
big into this come on Carlos give me
something nothing let's look you up on
LinkedIn though
come on brother
what was the company
fractal fractional
third Connection open Messages they just
went through y combinator
[Music]
what was the thing that
um Logan Paul did fractional ownership
on
uh I was gonna say message uh they have
open LinkedIn messages right I didn't
miss misread that
yeah open LinkedIn messages easy clap
here so let's go ahead and
Carlos
foreign
ownership
is the future
boom
saw that fractional is hiring
iron is
gross
after
seeing fractional owner
chip shake up the Collectibles space
I'm
super excited
see it applied
to other Industries boom
let's go let's go let's go
hey does this work
let's go let's go let's go let's go
a lot more baby world record Pace can't
stop won't stop
man Angelus is eating off of these promo
mode how are platform maven
I'm not ready to be amazing
through pewter
this is a DC one though so
thank you
[Music]
they might be on s games mode though
let's see
no open messages
they do have that website but
we could easily reuse the machine
learning message
but
it has to be Market through pewter right
like there's no way that it's not Market
through pewter so we're just gonna go
for the easy Dub here
it might not be it but I highly doubt
that it's not Market through pewter
uh it says we already have a message
that we can reuse
[Music]
it's hilarious like National Security
I have no idea what this means
I kind of know but not really
say pass
um
it's a little cheeky for Mark I think
but we're just going for world record
Pace here
or more baby one two three four I can
count
clean it up
drill it in
go to work
put in that work
world record pace
uh shareholic
OG Boston company
Jay
how you been
job just they give us the the links
directly
we'll do it actually no I I know them I
wouldn't want to do that let's go let's
do this ah I know them so it's probably
better uh sure Hawk amazing company
definitely apply for in the Boston area
but it's not a direct person I don't
like doing the
the jobs
I don't want to go to a person
um
oh this is in DC
Ryan come on Ryan
LinkedIn
what was the name of the company
that looks like him though
Leverage
listen right
okay yeah yeah
open messages come on make it easy for
me Ryan
you have two connections though that I
could use
I'm on open DMs
All Right Moving On
oh spreadsheets sync to your data that's
dope actively hiring
Ewan
I pronounce that name
oh that's definitely their personal site
so we can go back to that they don't
have open messages but they got the open
Messages let's go
all right we're just gonna send standard
message love connecting people
Network spreadsheets for the Nexus
billion people
just signed up
can shave
one off the billion
boom boom boom
thank you
oh it's pronounced like Ian that's cool
[Music]
see the thing about the hunt right let's
think about this one second I'm gonna go
off I'm walking I'm I'm taking the world
record Pace I already got it it's
already in the bag uh
think about the hunt
right think about the hunt
is you don't see the
the animal go by and go I think that
animal's too big too fast no you always
take your shot you don't see the big
juiciest buck in front of you
just standing out there all cocky
looking like you don't just be like I'm
not gonna take my shot you take the shot
you go for the kill
right so why is this any different just
because we're on Angel list
all right Ian
foreign
table
and we need that
what they said in their profile though
[Music]
um
I love
big companies
with
I love big companies I love companies
big goals
like building Network spreadsheets for
the next billion people let's go
love it three more people three more
three more let's go three more
up right back world record Pace can't be
stopped
wife was locked out we're good that's
what the banging was three jobs Can't
Stop
let's go
I needed a snack
all right three more we're gonna hit it
we got a half an hour to get three jobs
why pay for Rideshare we can ride with
us for free what
pure cab
oh I guess because you work for them
that'd be funny
okay
oh I see alum
no open messages but looks like they
have
oh it was also their birthday recently
open DMs
beautiful
let's do that
we can even do the cheeky happy birthday
all right
boom
and this was
um
okay
beautiful
and this was Rudy
all right
[Laughter]
we'll just say I joke I joke
I had a joke
but would it be possible
I joke but would it be possible we might
even cheat we have to change the other
one to say I joke but would be possible
to grab
Rose
uh super interested in the
uh
in a Equitable ride share future
all right we'll say super interested in
a
Echo ride share future
cool
two more baby two more
let's go
building developer tools for Stacks
enabling apps and smart coin contracts
75 million
that's cool
currently recruiting okay that's good
senior recruiter
open messages
let's go
still not are they still there I'm not
sure
um
they might not be there anymore
might be an old job
we'll move on you only need two more to
for the world record
[Music]
across the river okay
LinkedIn
Lexi come on open open Messages nice
recruiting
wow it's pretty cool they recruited the
founding crypto team
let's talk crypto boom easy intro
they kind of gave us the dub there
I'm gonna have to think of a leading
message here
all right saw that
cross the river
but one word or two where it's ah it's
gonna cost me a few seconds here on the
world record Pace two words
mm-hmm
uh let's talk crypto indeed
I'm Gonna Keep it really similar you're
gonna have like the Sands in there
because they already they already gave
me an intro they're they their recruiter
they know the game boom one more one
more baby
one more let's go world record Pace 10
second warning
flashing lights
[Music]
let's go all right
give me a good one
smashing
smashing world record Pace here folks
Keyhole real-time social media tracking
that's what we need
active one month ago
CTO
you got open messages on a LinkedIn
no
you do have a Twitter though open DMS on
Twitter
no
next get to stepping
oh up and see that's cool didn't they
kind of like lose a lot of money
recently
I'm not sure
I thought I heard some news about that
they have a recruiter
now recruiter listed here but they did
have
27 million raised
uh it might too be too big and I don't
want to reach out to the CTO
who was our last one to be a winner
a real winner
sneaker heads Paradise
be okay that sounds pretty cool
Jeff Smith
CTO
LinkedIn
open messages no
open DM no
I knew it by the logo
I wanted to believe though
all right come on give me a good one
intelligent test automation for agile
teams let's go mid-level yeah let's
shoot our shot
of technical Talent
LinkedIn
open messages
yes let's go uh pretty well connected to
them too
I had a technical Talent do we have any
info
things they like things they do
we have a maybe a Twitter
headhunter
all right hunt my head
let's go
all right well we'll we'll wrap this up
with a dub
they're a recruiter we don't have to get
real fancy with this one uh they know
the game
they're like they're looking to head
hunt
we're on the hunt they're on the hunt
let's hunt together
yeah we don't need to overthink this one
they're a recruiter they know what's up
um
uh
[Music]
I love tests
I
love Tess there we go
and this their name was John
saw that
[__] what was the name of the company
Mabel
Universe boom
hey oh let's go
world record pace
we got 40 minutes
40 minutes left to spare folks we
started with five minutes on the clock
what if I gotta press the timer
thank you for calling time
we start with five minutes on the clock
I was going for 30 jobs in three hours
we are 40 minutes ahead
40 minutes ahead of world record pace
30 jobs
in two hours and 20 minutes
10 second warning
my second warning
[Music]
oh yeah baby
all right
hell yeah well done everybody 30 jobs in
under three hours crushing world record
pace
and you were here live
for the history
for the dub no one has ever done it
better
throwing down a challenge beat my world
record Pace you can't
you can't
record yourself and share it if you do
because we got to set the the the the
the the leadership board here because
I'm on the tippy top
can't be stopped won't be
world record pace